[Music]
hey everybody welcome to another episode
of impact theory today we're going to be
talking all about web3 nfts
what it means to you why you should care
i'm going to be answering your questions
so here we go let us dive into one of my
favorite new topics that i think is
incredibly important for everybody to
understand because it's changing the
world here we go
can you explain the relationship between
web 3 nfts and blockchain and why it's
important to understand this okay so
let's start with the basics you've got
web 1 web 2 and web 3 so web one was the
sort of og internet it was read only you
went to a website there was something
there you could read it but you couldn't
really interact with it other than to
click a link
then you had the social internet come
along which was web 2 which was read and
write so you could go to a place like
facebook and not only could you consume
information off of that website read it
but you could also publish your own
stuff you could write something and so
that really ushered in a new era the era
that i think most people now are used to
where you can consume and create
now we're moving into web 3 which is
really going to be marked by three
things one of them is a bigger question
mark but it's certainly an important
force right now and that's
decentralization
and we can talk more about that later
the other two which i think are just an
inevitable part of where this is going
and that's ownership and participation
so
uh to explain that so if web one was
reading web 2 was reading and writing
web 3 is going to be owning a piece of
the things that you engage with and
create in
and the ability to be a part of a
community that gives you
unusual amounts of access so that you
can also create within that world now
that could be something like what we've
done here at impact theory with our own
nft program where you have if you have a
legendary key you have access to
something called the right to partner
and with that for instance we had
somebody spin up a company
leveraging merry mods which is a
christmas themed story and they took
that and built a
christmas tree ornament company around
that so a way for them to really
um
participate in that ecosystem leverage
the assets that we'd created to create
something wonderful now not everybody is
going to
give you that right with the
nft so you know that isn't um some
blanket statement about nfts that just
happens to be true about ours but many
places are creating a way for the
community to come in and whether it's
help build the lore for a story whether
it's to come in and have bounties
available so if somebody
a community needs a certain bit of
technological code written for their
discord for instance they may make that
available
first to the members in their community
and find a way either through just
paying them or find a way through a
community token or something like that
to incentivize
the community to take that and um
create the thing that they're looking
for and there are many other ways from
making
um story available for people to write
fan fiction or
like again with mary mods we had
somebody create an immersive audio
experience using the story that we had
published and so it was really
incredible and when i think about man we
really gave people precious little
resources because honestly i didn't
understand just how powerful
how powerfully the community wanted to
be involved i was more used to audiences
in that web 2 world now web 3 this big
difference where people have grown up
with games like roblox or minecraft
where they really get to get in there
and create using the tools and now with
web3 we're seeing even those legacy
items like a minecraft getting
supercharged now in the web 3 era where
you have people building businesses
inside of minecraft now it'll be very
interesting to see how this plays out
but right now as we're recording this
there is an nft project called critters
which they spun up their own server of
minecraft which
they are at least claiming is completely
in line with the
um the service
uh the services agreement that you agree
to when you're using minecraft so
completely above board completely legal
and they've created nfts that you can
actually use within the game and by
playing with those characters is a very
limited number of them but by playing
with those characters in that server
instance of minecraft you actually earn
this thing called block which was
created by the creators of critters they
have a
mechanism by which you earn that block
and then you can use that block to buy
land and so within that server within
that minecraft um that instance of
minecraft so it's really incredible the
the community sense of hey i really want
to be able to be involved i want to be
able to create within this ecosystem and
in some cases even be able to build
businesses on the back of this ecosystem
and that of course is you know you take
something like critters is only making
minecraft more popular by drawing more
people into the game that might not
otherwise play if they didn't have the
ability to own something and build
something that they
had tangible benefit from within that
ecosystem to something like what we're
doing here at impact theory with the
right to partner or even again just
making our creative assets available to
people so that they can
do their thing and you know whether
they're an artist and they want to be
able to create fan art or whether they
are um
immersive audio designer and they want
to do something there and uh the
companies making this information or
these assets available to the community
so that they can create
really gets interesting and when you
align the selfish desires of the
community with the company by creating
something that they can own aka an nft
that they can then sell and so as they
pour energy into making something more
valuable they're now able to capture
some of the economic upside of that and
it's really i think a foundational shift
that's going to happen in the world
when you have all of these creatives and
creators and technicians that now have
these incentives to come into a world
that already exists right we're pouring
our heart soul finances team everything
into creating uh the different assets
our keys our merry mods neon future
coyotes of the air gap all systems go
wish academy like we're building out all
this ip and by inviting our
community in to create within those
ecosystems then
and they own the nfts and if they can
make the ip more valuable that they own
an nft from then the nft in theory gets
more valuable as well and they're able
to capture the long tail value of that
it's so it's really this incredible
paradigm shift that's introducing not
just the ability to read not just the
ability to write but also to own some of
the things that you're creating to
capture
some of that economic value so that
people can actually make a living inside
of these universes
that they love and so it really is this
incredible thing and as people do that
and these incentives align now you've
got people pushing promoting wanting to
tell all of their friends get their
friends involved and so it benefits us
as a company to want to facilitate that
and so that is how this becomes
incredible really really fast now nft
specifically since i went by that very
quickly in that part so it stands for
non-fungible token that's just a fancy
way of saying digital scarcity i can
prove that you own something digital and
by being able to prove that you own it
that it is that one then i can limit the
quantity because i can differentiate
between one that's a right click save
and one that is the original nft so nfts
are basically an image or a video or
whatever anything digital that has code
hidden inside of it that is like matrix
code and so now both in the real world
and online i can actually see which one
of those is the real one
and by being able to see which one is
the real one then i can give privileges
to the holder of the real one and no
matter how many people copy
uh you know the sort of surface image of
it i can tell that that's not real and
so it's yeah incredible what the
blockchain is the blockchain that
undergirds all of that it's the
blockchain that gives the nfts um
the ability to be proven as the real one
so
the blockchain is sort of that base
layer of everything that's making web3
and nfts possible all right that's why
it's important to understand it there
are a million things you could create on
it get involved in it
and that allows people to prove
ownership and actually be able to own a
digital asset and then be able to sell a
digital asset
and for creators to be able to imbue
these through that matrix code to be
able to imbue these with utility and all
kinds of amazing things and we are truly
at the tip of a very large iceberg it is
only going to get more phenomenal from
here
hey guys hope you enjoyed the episode
brought to you by our sponsors at blue
blocks go to blue blocks dot com forward
slash impact theory for 15 off your
order or just use discount code impact
theory at checkout all right enjoy the
episode
all right
i still can't wrap my head around nfts i
find it so hard to pull my head out of
reality and move it into the digital
realm give me your hard sell on nfts
okay so basically my answer in the first
question really is my hard sell so nfts
are opening up a universe of
possibilities for artists for creators
for technicians to
come in and build something that is
digital
but provable and so that could be
provably scarce it could be that you're
proving that it's yours it could be
proving who owned it previously
and it becomes censorship resistant
because of the idea of decentralization
that i talked about briefly in the first
answer what you're doing is you're not
putting the power into any one
centralized hand or at least that is
part of the vision that's driving web 3
forward now i think that this is
something that's going to be debated as
to whether or not decentralization
becomes the core part that makes this
work or not i think what you're going to
find is some
endeavors are going to thrive in a
decentralized environment and that might
be social media so for people that are
really
bothered by the idea that you could go
in and censor somebody's voice creating
a decentralized social media platform
where no one person controls anything
that it's
decentralization literally means excuse
me that
the software essentially
running this application isn't on one
computer it's on
hundreds or even thousands or tens of
thousands of computers so it becomes
virtually impossible to hack and it
becomes virtually impossible to control
so uh you wouldn't be able to remove
somebody from the platform because even
if you were running the software
yourself and you shut it off there's you
know 10 000 other versions that are
running it and you would be the odd man
out and since you would need to have a
majority rule to knock that out be very
difficult to convince all of these
people
to ban that one person and so that is
the idea driving
decentralization is that it becomes
censorship resistant it becomes seizure
resistant so when you think about
the fact that the cypriot government
like 10 or 15 years ago just went in one
day and literally without warning said
hey we're taking three percent of
everybody's wealth to put into the
government coffers there was nothing you
could do the banks were centralized the
government simply had to go into the
banks and say hey if you want to keep
being a bank in cyprus then you're going
to let us do this and they did it now
the way that decentralization works with
something like bitcoin or ethereum is
that there is no one person to go in and
talk to it's all these thousands or tens
of thousands of nodes that you would
have to one by one do what's called a 51
percent attack so you would have to
overtake 51 percent when they're spread
out all over the world and you have no
idea who it is that's running them it
would be very difficult to find them but
even if you could find them then you
have to convince them all at the same
time in order to
get the blockchain to update to this new
sort of forced reality so even if you
were negotiating with the government if
you have bitcoin let's say
they ultimately would have to get you to
give up
your
seed phrase in order to access or your
keys in order to access your bitcoin so
they can
torture you they can beat you they can
imprison you but until you give up your
keys there's no way for them to get that
bitcoin it really is pretty
extraordinary when you think about it
now there's trade-offs and this is why
i'm not 100 sure that everything is
going to end up being decentralized uh
as we move into web3 i think there are
some things that you're only going to be
that's not true there there are
trade-offs and so there are benefits
when you look at something uh like a
solana blockchain which is far less
decentralized than something like
ethereum but it also doesn't have gas
fees or at least they're really low it
moves a lot faster and so some people
are
because they don't want to pay gas fees
which is beyond the scope of this answer
but basically to incentivize the
security of the system you have to pay
all of these people the people running
the computers that
run this network and so they get paid on
every transaction and that can get
expensive it's known as gas and so
transactions on the ethereum blockchain
can be significant it could be forty
dollars a hundred dollars for something
very basic so you could want to buy a
twenty dollar item and it costs you a
hundred dollars in gas and so people get
very obviously frustrated with something
like that
whereas on a chain like solana their
goal is to be fast and inexpensive now
that may come at the cost of security
and so this is one of those things
that's debated and this will play out
over time and we'll see again i think it
will be a case-by-case basis some people
are going to care a lot and they're not
going to be interested in any way shape
or form and something that isn't
decentralized
but
i don't think that everybody is going to
care okay so you're in this world now
and you've got all of these incredible
new opportunities that are given to you
by the blockchain where you're able to
create something that is digital you're
able to create something that is scarce
you're able to imbue these things with
utility and now all of a sudden it
becomes
incredibly interactive with both the
digital and real world so the reason
that i think nfts are so powerful is
that it gives people the ability to
create something where the community
gets to capture the long tail value of
that item
so
that really is the key so if you look at
what we did with the impact theory
founders keys is we wanted to create an
nft
that you know look we're going to be
building impact theory for the next
40 years i just had david sinclair
on the show on health theory maybe it's
going to be even longer maybe i you know
i'm going to be able to to be working
hard for the next 70 years i'd like to
believe in that and so now you buy
something early i'm going to spend the
next 70 years adding value to this thing
making sure that it is delivering
incredible experiences um and
as i am pouring all my time energy
the profits of the company all of that
into making this this incredible ongoing
experience but i have a limited number
of keys
those keys theoretically because of
course anything could go to zero but
theoretically if i do this well then the
value is going to go up now we only get
a 10 royalty every time one of those
keys are sold that means that as i'm
adding value to these keys 90 of the
value is captured by the person that
owns it and so this is a radical
paradigm shift from the way that things
used to be so rather than thinking of it
as moving from the real world to the
digital world it's really just
understanding that as technology becomes
more robust and can handle more things
that of course we're going to be moving
more and more value into the digital
layer now that may have a physical
equivalence so you're seeing companies
like gucci
nike getting involved in the digital
good space so one i do think that people
will become more comfortable owning
something digital i can't tell you how
fast that happened for me where just
very quickly especially as it came to
like a piece of art i'd rather have the
digital version because i can still hang
it on my wall with a digital screen and
display it but i can also take it on my
phone i can sell it anywhere in the
world which i would not be able to do
with a physical painting i would have to
at a minimum take a photo of the
painting upload it get it in there but
traditionally art is sold in galleries
galleries are physical locations and so
being able to create something that is
provably scarce that i know exactly who
owned that who owns it currently what
price it was paid for all of that good
stuff
now i can reach a global audience
instantly sell these on these mega
platforms like open c where anybody
around the world can see it and it
becomes much easier if you ever need to
liquidate that item to be able to do it
in a global auction within a moment's
notice so it really is pretty
extraordinary from that position and
then also when you think about something
like art where
or even your handbag
or your blouse whatever that anything
like that for people to see it they
either have to see a photo that you take
and post or they have to see you in
person
now what you're doing is you're getting
these elements to be a part of larger
communities of people that begin to gain
all of this momentum so for instance
with something like the board api club
it started not only as a relatively
small endeavor but as it's gained steam
now owning one of those really means
something because again you have this
global audience you have all these
different people that are working to
make it worth something so it isn't just
you and your blouse or your board ape at
this point it's a community of people
that are supporting that item that piece
of art whatever and are making that more
visible and more valuable and even
something like a one of one the artists
themselves become you know if they're
building a career they become a
community leader unto themselves there
are more people pushing and promoting
that thing and elevating the value and
again of course it's always visible all
the time and so without that kind of
community interaction that kind of
community support that kind of community
fervor if you're wearing a
um you know a gucci sweater you're
counting on gucci to build the brand
recognition and then the occasional
instagram post when you post it versus
when there's a huge community of people
that get around something and begin to
buoy it up and the fact that it can be
seen and appreciated from a global
audience it's i mean you can just look
at the numbers the rapid adoption the
rapid increase of value of the ones that
win because look most nfts are going to
go to zero i want to be very clear about
that
but that's why there's so much energy
pouring into the space because it really
is this revolutionary way to interact
with the goods that you have on a global
audience based on community involvement
where the communities are engaged and
they're the ones that are carrying the
project forward
so it is just a totally new way to
involve yourself in a product in a
community to um have a way to
sell the things you own and quite
frankly to actually own them so barring
things like clothes in reality most of
the things that you interact with
virtually you don't actually own and so
this really changes the paradigm on that
all right how can i get started with
creating an nft
all right creating an nft is
really dependent on what you want that
nft to be there are many different
things that can be an nft in fact it
really
is bordering on
infinite so anything that you can create
a what they call a tokenized
representation of so i could do a
tokenized representation of my home for
instance and then with my home now
represented by a token i could even
fractionalize that token and sell pieces
of my house now is not something that i
would do right now because of
there isn't enough regulation
regulatory clarity that's the right way
to say it there isn't enough regulatory
clarity to know
what one can and can't do with
fractionalizing things but that is
definitely coming there are already
people doing it let me be very clear i
personally wouldn't do it until the
regulatory clarity gets put out there
but i think that there will get to be
clarity around that and now you're going
to be able to
have your house represented on the
blockchain so whoever owns that token on
the blockchain therefore owns the house
and keep in mind as technology grows the
infrastructure grows so
right now it's ridiculous there's an
office in your city that maintains all
the paperwork but it's actual papers
which is crazy and so getting this all
switched over to be purely digital
records that are put on the blockchain
so there is no way to scam it there is
no way to seize it it is yours and
that's that
i think that is going to be huge so i
think you're going to get wedding
records you're going to get medical
records on the blockchain you're going
to get
ownership of homes cars all kinds of
things on the blockchain they are
unmanipulatable they are unhackable
and so i think that that's where all of
this eventually is going to move okay so
knowing that the world of things that
you can put onto the blockchain is
massive it becomes a question of what
you want to do now the sort of killer
app for
the blockchain right now is art based
nfts so you have one of ones you have
open editions where it's one image done
you know say 250 times and then you have
generative art now that generative art
could be
ai that's generating something that
looks like a painting but you know many
many
tens of thousands however many they want
for the given collection or it could be
what are known as pfp projects which
stands for profile picture
and so depending on what you want to
create
you can create any of these things so it
just needs to be something that you can
record that you can create as a token
there are different kinds of tokens and
at the risk of this sort of spiraling
into way too big of an answer i will
just say i'll pitch you sort of the
basics so
the 721 is a one of one
so let's focus on that for now so if
you're doing a 721 you can do one-of-one
art you could also do
a
pfp project which
while there are typically there they're
often done in 10 000
increments so there would be 10 000
inside of that collection but each one
of them is actually unique so no two of
the 10 000 are the same so those are
done as a 721 token an erc 721 and so
what that is is it's a standard on the
ethereum blockchain and the um it's just
like basic information that you would
need in order for the ethereum
blockchain to read it and then of course
because there is a standard then there
are going to be other sites like a
open c being the biggest for ethereum
that know how to ask for and display so
asking the contract so in this case
let's say the impact theory founders key
has a contract
openc would call that contract and
basically say okay if this is a 721 what
are these you know seven or eight pieces
of information and then the contract
would hand that back openc would know
how to display it and you would see the
images with the information so i talked
about these things having matrix code
inside of them so openc would be
displaying some of that matrix code so
that you could see its unique number
identifier you'd be able to see the
traits of the key so in our case there
are four different symbols you'd be able
to see what the symbols are you'd be
able to see what the tier of the key is
things like that
and
if you do that they're pretty easy ways
to create one of those so you could
go to openc
and you could create using their
contract you could go to somewhere like
rarible and you could create using their
contract you could also go to manifold
xyz they are now making some of their
contracts available for artists for free
and that would let you have your own
contract so if you go to open c you're
now going to be open c number
you know 250 million 862 462 whatever
whereas with
manifold.xyz you'd actually be able to
get a smart contract which is how nfts
are made
but you'd be able to get one that while
it's essentially a template that's being
used by a lot of other people that you
would be able to get one make some minor
modifications to make it custom to you
and now you know that as long as you
only change you know those very limited
variables that you have an audited
contract made by a very reputable
company
that's going to be solid it's going to
work well for you
and then within that contract you can
create your items so you could do your
pfp project or your one-of-one piece of
art and it would be done in a way that
would be recognized by the biggest
marketplaces like openc and so that's
where
i would start you're going to need to do
a little bit of learning but it really
is pretty easy i went from not knowing
at all how to create nfts um to creating
some pretty complicated projects in a
relatively short period of time so now
and that was when we had to make our own
contracts now that manifold makes those
available or you could do them on openc
this gets i think you could be up and
running in an afternoon now creating the
art and making sure that that matters
marketing it well all of that stuff that
is a much bigger endeavor but in terms
of just creating the nft that's going to
be relatively straightforward
all right my friends let's talk about
blue blocks blue blocker glasses have
been a game changer in my life if you're
someone like me who is sensitive to
artificial lighting and extra sensitive
to artificial blue light from a cell
phone or a computer screen then you need
to try blue blocker lenses they are
going to improve your sleep blue blocks
is all about science quality and style
their products are made under optics
laboratory conditions in australia and
come in prescription non-prescription
and readers blue blocks is offering a
special discount exclusive for impact
theory listeners go to blue blocks dot
com forward slash impact theory for
fifteen percent off your order or use
discount code impact theory at checkout
once again that's blue blocks which is b
l u b l o x
dot com forward slash impact theory for
15 off your order or use the discount
code impact theory at checkout all right
my friends give these a shot i use them
all the time take care and be legendary
all right
do you think there will be an nft crash
like the dot-com crash of the early
2000s why or why not
so yes i think we're going to go into a
bear market and i think that as we go
into a bear market because people some
people will have over-extended
themselves
it will inevitably lead to a liquidity
crisis and you will see the sales slow
down a bit
how dramatically that's going to happen
i think it will be probably
on an individual basis it'll probably be
pretty dramatic i think there's so much
energy and creativity and new people
pouring into the space that i don't know
if we'll see a long period of dip in the
nft market i think what's more likely to
happen is that the way that nft projects
are launched is going to change because
right now what we're seeing is a lot of
the energy is around trading and so
there are people that are treating it
the way you might treat gambling or day
stock trading where you're going in
you're trying to watch charts you're
trying to pay attention to the
volatility and if you time the
volatility right you can really make a
lot of money and that's brought a lot of
excitement a lot of people into the
space and
i think that if we go into a bear market
and people have their liquidity tied up
when that happens and all prices just
begin to soften a little bit
then what you're going to see is you're
going to see a lot of the people
that don't know how to run a business
they're going to struggle to keep the
enthusiasm of their project going
and the music will stop for a lot of
these projects and i think you know i've
heard this prediction said by many
people but i think the right way to
think about nfts from
an investing perspective is you know 98
to 99 of all of these projects are going
to go to zero but if you know the ones
that either you love and want to keep
even if the sort of cultural energy is
no longer there and the resale value is
no longer there but the things that the
team is doing with that ip is still
exciting for you and you'd be excited to
either have that piece of art or to
follow along with that road map even if
you don't have the ability to resell it
i think that will be great or if you're
really good at picking what's going to
be the next big thing that can also be
incredibly valuable so the way that i
approach the nft market is assuming that
there's going to be a winter and so i
don't buy things that i'm hoping that i
can resell i buy things that i think
either will retain their value for years
and years and years so things that have
historical value
things that i think are being created by
a really strong team that's another way
like people that are going to be around
and in the space for a long time so i'll
shout out garyvee on that there's no
doubt there will always be price
volatility but barring that guy getting
hit by a meteorite i think he's going to
be around for a long time i will
certainly put myself in that camp it's
you know looking at this as a long-term
play being in this for decades and
really understanding
what you're building how you're doing
this with the community
and having the execution
track record of being able to sustain
things grow things over long periods of
time
i would look for people that have that
ability i think that is a very smart way
to go into this space and then never
ever ever ever ever ever ever invest
money that you can't afford to lose so
right now it is so early and this is
such a volatile space that i would not
advise people to um be putting their
nest egg into nfts doesn't mean that
there aren't people out there making a
lot of money and i get it but there's
also a lot more people out there losing
money so i would be very very very
careful and invest in ways that
even if this all went to zero that you'd
still be having a great time to give you
an idea i don't look at the value of my
nfte portfolio
but i do like to look at my nfts i like
to know what's in there
some of them are for fun some of them
are for the flex of being a part of
a very hard to get into community and
then some of them are just because i
think the art is unbelievable and owning
that piece of art makes me happy so
think about it that way and i don't
think that you can lose if you're going
to
trade i would be very very careful and
remember that you're up against people
that are paying very close attention all
the time and using everything at their
disposal
to get alpha as they say so be very
thoughtful
all right i'm creating a new startup at
the moment designing and manufacturing
my own clothing line i'm building the
new site i've bought all of my machines
and equipment and i'll be hiring in the
next few months how can i integrate or
use web3 nfts and blockchain to benefit
my business
okay so the answer to this question is
going to be different for everybody i'm
not sure exactly
what you
[Music]
have as like a marketing uh prowess but
if you're somebody that's like a
hypebeast and you're clothing you're
going to be leaning into that and you
know because that would be very
different than if you're somebody like
um a patagonia you know it's gonna be a
very different approach but let's say
that you're the hype beast approach and
you're going out and you're making all
these contacts within the nft world and
you're going to
create a line
for instance like artifact did this in
the early days where they created a
digital shoe but owning that digital
shoe also got you the physical version
of that digital shoe and then if you
owned that then you also had the right
to mint a future uh project and the
future project ended up being worth a
fortune and so it was amazing it like
cost people like a dollar if i remember
right and forgive me if i forget any of
these details it cost people a dollar to
get that initial digital shoe but then
the value of the token that they got for
the white list ended up being worth like
ten thousand dollars and it was crazy so
there are really cool ways that you can
do that to get people excited about what
you're doing so
you have to figure out what is going to
be your marketing strategy and then
figure out what you could do with the
nft that's going to really lean into
that so you could do something like hey
when you buy a pair of shoes then you
get this nft and this nft gets you
utility
somewhere so let's say that you partner
up with another program
so for instance i'll just use us because
obviously i know the kinds of things
that we're working on
so let's say that we partnered up and
you create these really cool pair of
shoes and so we say hey if you own that
pair of shoes in real life
then we're going to give you a digital
copy of that exact pair of shoes and you
can put it on your custom avatar which
is a project that we're working on now
and if you have that pair of shoes
within our ecosystem then that allows
you a special experience within this
space that we're creating and so let's
say that you have that special pair of
shoes and a magical door appears to you
i love using this example and only
because you have that special pair of
shoes are you able to go through that
door and when you go through that door
now you have access to irl clothing from
the your clothing line that people can
only buy and access there in that
special room so it's very limited
quantity as a surprise and delight just
for the people that bought that shoe and
so there are all kinds of things that
you can do like that but if you think
about it from a community first
perspective of wanting to do something
cool to reward the people that buy into
you and your new product and what you're
doing and you're making sure that the
bulk of the value ends up going to them
then they're more likely to support you
support the brand buy the next thing
that you do and you can really come out
of nowhere build energy around your
brand but you just have to figure out
what is going to suit you what's going
to be the thing that really lines up
with the way that you are the way that
you like to market the way that your
community is so that can be big but
looking for people that you can partner
with looking for utility that you can
add to them
all of those kinds of things that's what
i would be looking at
because when you can especially surprise
and delight people with something
just for owning that
and you give them that ability to bring
that into the digital world then there's
i mean virtually nothing that you can't
do for instance buying that pair of
shoes gets you that digital version of
that pair of shoes and then you could
use that as like if you partner with a
band you could use those shoes the
virtual version as a ticket to get into
their concert or a discount on their
merch or a discount on your future items
it really when it comes to utility the
sky's the limit
all right
everybody hopefully that gave you a
little glimpse as to why i am so hyped
on what nfts and the blockchain is going
to do for you that's the cool thing is
this really is about the community this
is about adding value utility excitement
all of that into the hands of the
community and so my hope is that as this
goes and as more people get involved in
this space and as builders and creators
get savvier with all the cool ways that
they can
tie their community into the windfalls
that come with some of these
projects whether that's you know
obviously i don't think in terms of the
trading but that's certainly one aspect
of it but also just over time that
having um
as a way to thank people that get in
early
or that do other certain behaviors or as
a way to incentivize them to be active
in your community that you can then
reward them with product because you
know or experiences because you know who
owns what it's a really big deal and
then as you're adding value to people
that own it then they have the
opportunity to sell it because they
really do own it and by letting them
capture
the you know call it 90 of the long tail
value of that
now you incentivize that community to
really support you to celebrate you to
push you forward i think it is truly an
in and inevitability that we're moving
into that world because of what i know
about human psychology and people's
desire to create to be involved to have
ownership in those things that they're
really helping to support and build so
keep that in mind look for all the ways
that you can learn more about this and
remember to be extraordinarily careful
as you spend money on these things again
i think the vast majority of these go to
zero so make sure that you are buying
things that are created by people that
you know are going to execute against
this over a long period of time and then
also make sure that you never ever ever
ever ever ever ever invest more than you
can afford to lose if you do that guys
this is the most fun i have had in
business this is some of the most fun
that i've had in
life outside of my marriage
i hope that you guys enjoy it as much as
i do but do it in a way that's stress
free right everybody thank you so much
and speaking of things that will be very
powerful for you if you haven't already
be sure to subscribe and until next time
my friends be legendary take care peace